# What I did not fix

When trying to fix the issue with trying to use scp to copy files, I could not figure out how to automate installing the openssh-clients package with vagrant. So I moved on to the next items and used the command "yum -y install openssh-clients"

# What I have fixed and automated with puppet

Locked down system to require passwords when trying to boot with custom kernel variable, going to single user mode, and prevention of setting an account to use a blank password. 
Reduced amount of information shared from the services of PHP, Apache, and Postfix by changing their banners or signature variables.
Added message for /etc/motd to notify unauthorized users are not allowed. 
Installed openssl-clients package for scp program.
Added broken.localhost.localdomain to /etc/hosts file. 
Went through Apache configuration files and fixed the virtual.conf file to allow connections, the mod_rewrite, and moved the /var/www/html/.htaccess to another name to be disabled. 
After reading /var/www/html/data.php file I would send an email to either my superior or the owner of the program and request the permissions to be changed in data.php file. 
Restoration of MySQL service has been resolved by editing /etc/my.cnf and setting the correct PID directory. 
Changed file ownership permissions for the files /var/lib/mysql/* to be owned by user mysql and group mysql. 
Archived mysql db directory for backup purposes. Ran mysqlcheck to make sure data is okay. 
Removed accounts that have blank passwords (ideally after tests are conducted that accounts are not being used). 
Suggest renaming root account on MySQL to be 'rtAdm' to not have default accounts. 
Used "SET SQL_LOG_BIN=0" to prevent logging of MySQL commands while creating MySQL account to fix error being generated by '/var/www/html/data.php' with suggestion to change user name and password. 
Set mysql and httpd to start when entering init level 3.

# Other things noted, but not automated

Split up partitions for / /tmp /boot /usr /home /var /apps /opt.
Configure log files to be sent to remote location.
Need a auditing and antivirus tools installed.
Install NTPd to update clock.
Set alias account for root in /etc/aliases to gather email from box.
Setting net.ipv4.conf.all.accept_redirects = 0 because this is not a router.
Setting net.ipv4.conf.all.send_redirects = 0 because this is not a router. 
Setting net.ipv4.conf.default.accept_redirects = 0 to gather more information. 
Setting net.ipv4.conf.all.log_martians = 1 to gather more information about potential attacks.
Removed compiler package "gcc" if possible (might need it for packages but its not needed).
Disable X11Forwarding yes for sshd_config.